okay guys i'm selling a whole bunch of
finger boards now I have to make this
quick as I don't have much time so
morning wood wyd FBS not rip tape my bed
and those are the plies see if I can get
a good close-up on them yeah well it
deploys go white teal white teal white
flat face g11 FBS or not rip tape my bad
i keep saying that vs orange top ply
turquoise bottom ply and it's got a gray
middle apply yeah homewood a homemade
deck five plies that's really nice it's
really strong medium kicks ripped tape
it's got really good concave really good
concave you can see it it's like yeah
but the plies there's a wall not to
apply and it goes blue maple blue and
then the bottom play 5a sg-11 grip tape
there's not much to see what the ply is
nothing special California FB deck FBS X
just move on there the plies are pretty
sick it's yellow red yellow green and
then the bottom fly which is pretty cool
Berlin would regular red middle Rudd
middle play
rip tape yeah strong wood deck the
really cool bottom flight there's
nothing to see what the middle plies not
really special there's just like a teal
turquoise thing in the middle and low
pro tape oh yeah and up everything will
be coming with a flesh eater like drip
tape or FPS or something because I have
a whole bunch of it and if you want to
buy some sheets just tell me that I'll
throw some min or sell you some I'm okay
this one's going to be as a complete
samurai aluminum bottom plate wyd FPS
extra smooth FBS orings yeah pretty sure
those orings a FPS o-rings green
close-up wheels and those are the plies
there's nothing really special to see
Bob and there are washers behind the
wheel so I jumped on the wheels it's
cool okay next MIT generation 5 board
complete with flat face Teflon bushings
just get a good close-up on him flat
face tough ones up five-phase g
seventies no g 7 a's or B's I don't even
know g7 or something whatever these are
forgot what they're called I'm pretty
sure the g7 bees yeah all right that's
it
nollie plastic deck people say these are
really flimsy but they're really
actually good like my friend had one and
I used that one it's pretty sick so this
one's brand new never been used not even
anything on there same with this one all
I did was put the FBS on there I didn't
even put holes in it so yeah she's
pretty sweet sweet deals and you guys
select the prices because I have no clue
how much he's cost any more so you just
say what you need and I'll customize the
price and yeah I'll work out holy wood
just got a yellow and black middle
applies cool bottom pie and this is the
last complete upselling it's a really
good deal Berlin worldwide with a sweet
bottom play and look at that flat face
g6t Darrell cores let's see flat-faced
f1's focus okay you can see they have
like the little back on there um where
how huh okay well they're G set their
g60 duo cars pretty nice FPS extra
smooth and then I'll show you the middle
plies the plies are really nice switch
to the other side
yeah it's like orange flies and yellow
applies and it's really cool but what
makes the deck is the bottom fly for
sure and then last but not least is up
mitt generation for never been opened
ice it comes with two stickers piece of
grip tape people don't like grip tape
I'll just throw on a piece of FBS or
something with that I think mitts go
really good with them grip tape though
so i'll throw in a piece of grip tape
and then the deck could see medium kicks
nice concave exactly like this deck your
kicks really nice concave but yeah well
you guys i select the prices and like i
said i'll customize them to my needs and
then yeah that's it see